README.md, before:

# Welcome, I'm Anthony 👋

## About Me

I'm a passionate full-stack developer who loves building robust, scalable applications. My expertise lies in crafting modern web solutions using the power of **C#**, **.NET**, and **React**.

🌱 I’m currently sharpening my skills in **.NET 8** and exploring advanced **React** patterns.
</br>
⚡ I enjoy the process of solving complex problems with clean, efficient code.
</br>
🤝 I believe in collaborative development and thrive in team environments where ideas are shared and refined.
</br>

### Full-Stack Developer

<img src="snake.svg" alt="Snake animation" />

## Technologies & Tools:

<div align="left">
  <!-- Frontend -->
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=react" height="40" alt="React logo" />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=ts" height="40" alt="TypeScript logo" />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=js" height="40" alt="JavaScript logo" />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=html" height="40" alt="HTML5 logo" />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=css" height="40" alt="CSS3 logo" />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=tailwind" height="40" alt="Tailwind CSS logo" />
  <img width="12" />
  <!-- Backend -->
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=dotnet" height="40" alt=".NET logo" />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=cs" height="40" alt="C# logo" />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=postgres" height="40" alt="PostgreSQL logo" />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=sqlite" height="40" alt="SQLite logo" />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=mongodb" height="40" alt="MongoDB logo" />
  <img width="12" />
  <!-- Tools & Platforms -->
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=git" height="40" alt="Git logo" />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=github" height="40" alt="GitHub logo" />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=docker" height="40" alt="Docker logo" />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=visualstudio" height="40" alt="Visual Studio logo" />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=vscode" height="40" alt="VS Code logo" />
</div>

## My Latest Projects
- **[SnowApp Platform](https://github.com/EngrTonyDev/snowappmobile)** - A full-stack platform (API, Web Admin, Mobile App) built with **.NET 8, React, TypeScript, React Native, and SQL Server**. Developed during my internship to enable customer tech service interactions.
  - **Architected** the database schema and built secure **RESTful APIs**.
  - **Engineered** both the responsive React admin dashboard and React Native mobile app.
  - **Collaborated** in an Agile team using **GitHub** for version control.
- **[SecureNewsHub](https://github.com/EngrTonyDev/SecureNewsHub)** - A full-stack news aggregation platform built with GraphQL, React, Node.js, and MongoDB. Fetches, parses, and delivers news from RSS feeds with user-specific filtering.
  - **Architected** a GraphQL API with queries for filtering news by user, category, and search terms.
  - **Engineered** the React front-end with authentication and routing for a multi-page dashboard.
  - **Developed** a data ingestion service to automate the fetching and parsing of RSS/XML feeds.

## Let's Connect:
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Connect%20With%20Me-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white&labelColor=101010)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/anthony-lizano-ugalde-91a7a4224/)

## How to Reach Me:
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/jalu--27@hotmail.com-Contact%20Me-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white&labelColor=101010)](mailto:jalu-27@hotmail.com)

Commit message:

Update README with SocialHubManager project details
- Add markdown entry for Laravel-based social media scheduler
- Maintain consistent formatting with other portfolio projects

README.md, after:

# Welcome, I'm Anthony 👋

## About Me

I'm a passionate full-stack developer who loves building robust, scalable applications. My expertise lies in crafting modern web solutions using the power of **C#**, **.NET**, and **React**.

🌱 I’m currently sharpening my skills in **.NET 8** and exploring advanced **React** patterns.
</br>
⚡ I enjoy the process of solving complex problems with clean, efficient code.
</br>
🤝 I believe in collaborative development and thrive in team environments where ideas are shared and refined.
</br>

### Full-Stack Developer

<img src="snake.svg" alt="Snake animation" />

## Technologies & Tools:

<div align="left">
  <!-- Frontend -->
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=react" height="40" alt="React logo" />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=ts" height="40" alt="TypeScript logo" />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=js" height="40" alt="JavaScript logo" />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=html" height="40" alt="HTML5 logo" />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=css" height="40" alt="CSS3 logo" />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=tailwind" height="40" alt="Tailwind CSS logo" />
  <img width="12" />
  <!-- Backend -->
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=dotnet" height="40" alt=".NET logo" />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=cs" height="40" alt="C# logo" />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=postgres" height="40" alt="PostgreSQL logo" />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=sqlite" height="40" alt="SQLite logo" />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=mongodb" height="40" alt="MongoDB logo" />
  <img width="12" />
  <!-- Tools & Platforms -->
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=git" height="40" alt="Git logo" />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=github" height="40" alt="GitHub logo" />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=docker" height="40" alt="Docker logo" />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=visualstudio" height="40" alt="Visual Studio logo" />
  <img width="12" />
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=vscode" height="40" alt="VS Code logo" />
</div>

## My Latest Projects
- **[SnowApp Platform](https://github.com/EngrTonyDev/snowappmobile)** - A full-stack platform (API, Web Admin, Mobile App) built with **.NET 8, React, TypeScript, React Native, and SQL Server**. Developed during my internship to enable customer tech service interactions.
  - **Architected** the database schema and built secure **RESTful APIs**.
  - **Engineered** both the responsive React admin dashboard and React Native mobile app.
  - **Collaborated** in an Agile team using **GitHub** for version control.
- **[SecureNewsHub](https://github.com/EngrTonyDev/SecureNewsHub)** - A full-stack news aggregation platform built with GraphQL, React, Node.js, and MongoDB. Fetches, parses, and delivers news from RSS feeds with user-specific filtering.
  - **Architected** a GraphQL API with queries for filtering news by user, category, and search terms.
  - **Engineered** the React front-end with authentication and routing for a multi-page dashboard.
  - **Developed** a data ingestion service to automate the fetching and parsing of RSS/XML feeds.
- **[SocialHubManager](https://github.com/jamoreras/SocialHubManager)** - A full-stack social media management platform built with **Laravel, PHP, MVC architecture, and OAuth 2.0**. Allows users to schedule and publish content across LinkedIn, Reddit, and Tumblr.
  - **Architected** a Laravel backend with secure user authentication and role-based access control.
  - **Engineered** OAuth 2.0 integrations with LinkedIn, Reddit, and Tumblr APIs for social media posting.
  - **Developed** a content scheduling system with calendar interface for managing post dates and times.

## Let's Connect:
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-Connect%20With%20Me-0A66C2?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white&labelColor=101010)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/anthony-lizano-ugalde-91a7a4224/)

## How to Reach Me:
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/jalu--27@hotmail.com-Contact%20Me-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white&labelColor=101010)](mailto:jalu-27@hotmail.com)
